XRDDEV-1036 (#24)
nordic-institute/X-Road-Security-Server-sidecar: README.md

- The external database has been tested both for external PostgreSQL database running in our local machine, in a remote server or inside another docker container. It also could be integrated with AWS RDS, it has been tested for PostgreSQL engine and Aurora PostegreSQL engine, both with version 10 of the PostgreSQL database. 

### 1.6.1 Reconfigure external database address after initialization

> It's is possible to change the external database after the inicialization while the Sidecar container it's running. This will not recreate the database, so we need to make sure that the 'serverconf' database and a user with granted permissions to access it are already created. For change the database host we need to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to change the external database after the initialization while the Sidecar container is running. This will not recreate the database, so we need to make sure that the 'serverconf' database and a user with granted permissions to access it are already created. To change the database host we need to:
```

- Run a new command on the sidecar container:
```bash
docker exec -it <sidecar_container_name> bash
  ```
- Inside the container open in a text editor (we can install any of the command line text editors like nano, vi ...) the `etc/xroad/db.properties` file:
 ```bash 
nano etc/xroad/db.properties
  ``` 
- Replace the connection host, the username and password with the properties of the new database:
```bash
  [...]
    # -db.properties -
serverconf.hibernate.connection.url = jdbc:postgresql://<new_host_ip>:5432/serverconf
serverconf.hibernate.connection.username = <new_user>
serverconf.hibernate.connection.password = <new_password>
  [...]
  ```
  If other components like 'message_log' or 'op_monitor' are also configured in the `etc/xroad/db.properties` file to use an external database, we must change their properties in the same way as in the example above.

> - After the properties are changed, save and close the  `etc/xroad/db.properties` file  and restart the services by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After the properties are changed, save and close the `etc/xroad/db.properties` file and restart the services by running:
```
